---
ifupdate: false
layout: post
title: Bicycles
subtitle: 第1季
date: 2024-01-13
author: wenbsu
header-style: text
catalog: true
tags:
- PeppaPig
---

It is a loveIy, sunny day, and Peppa and George are riding  
their bicycles.  
That's a fine pumpkin, Daddy Pig!  
Daddy Pig is very proud of his pumpkin.  
Pumpkins are the onIy thing I can grow.  
ProbabIy because I Iove pumpkin pie!  
Come on, George.  
Danny, Suzy, Rebecca!  
Peppa and her friends, Danny Dog, Suzy Sheep and  
Rebecca Rabbit,are riding their bicycles.  
George is riding his tricycIe.  
He's going so sIowly.  
Let's race to Daddy Pig's pumpkin.  
If We race to Daddy's Pumpkin,  
We have to be very careful not to bump into it.  
Daddy Would be very sad if the pumpkin got broken.  
Don't Worry, Peppa..  
Race you!  
Peppa and her friends are racing to Daddy Pig's pumpkin!  
Hey! Watch out for my pumpkin!!  
Hurray!  
Peppa! Look out!  
Daddy's Pumpkin!!!!  
Sorry, Daddy!  
Look at George!  
He's going so slowIy!  
George is still riding a baby bike!  
Yours is a baby bike, too, Peppa!  
You've still got stabilizers!  
I can ride without my stabilizers.  
Me, too.  
And me.  
Let's ride up the hill again!  
Are you coming, Peppa?  
No, I think I'll stay here.  
See you later!  
Bye!  
Peppa wishes she did not have stabilizers on her bicycle.  
Daddy, I don't want stabilizers anymore.  
Do you think you can ride without them? Yes.  
AIright, Peppa. Let's take them off.  
Daddy Pig is taking the stabilizers off Peppa's bicycle.  
Are you sure you want to ride without stabilizers?  
Yes!  
You've never done it before.  
I can do it. I can! I can! Arrgh!  
It's not funny!  
Riding without stabilizers is not easy.  
WouId you like some help, Peppa?  
Yes, pIease, Daddy.  
Alright. Ready... Steady... GO!  
Don't Iet go, Daddy!  
Don't worry. I've got you.  
You're doing really well, Peppa.  
HoId on, Daddy!  
Just keep peddling.  
Peppa is riding on her own,  
Without stabilizers!  
Daddy! You let go!  
You've been cycling on your own for ages. Have I?  
You're really very good at it! Am I?  
Oh, I can do it! Look at me!  
Look at me! I can ride my bike properly.  
Danny! Suzy! Rebecca! Look!  
I don't need my stabilizers anymore! Look at me! Hurray!  
Race you to Daddy's pumpkin! Wheeeee!  
Peppa, look out my pumpkin!  
I'm going to win!  
Peppa isn't looking  
Where she is going!  
Wahhhh! Oops!  
Oh, dear, Peppa has squashed  
Daddy Pig's pumpkin!  
Sorry I squashed your pumpkin, Daddy.  
Never mind the pumpkin.  
The important thing is that you are okay.  
In future, you really must look where you are going.  
I promise I will, Daddy.  
Good. Anyway, now the pumpkin is broken,  
I can make it into pumpkin pie!  
I Iove pumpkin pie!  
And because Daddy Pig's pumpkin is so big,  
there wiII be enough pumpkin pie for everyone!  
Hurray!  