---
ifupdate: false
layout: post
title: Gardening
subtitle: 第1季
date: 2024-01-13
author: wenbsu
header-style: text
catalog: true
tags:
- PeppaPig
---

Peppa and George are playing at  
Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig's house.  
Grandpa! Catch! Catch!  
What's this? Dine-SaW! Grrrrr! A dinosaur!  
Grandpa, What are you doing?  
I'm planting these seeds.  
Seeds? What do seeds do?  
Seeds groW into plants.  
I just make a Iittle hole and put the seed in.  
Then I cover it with earth and water it.  
Everything in my garden grows from tiny seeds like these.  
Even the big apple tree?  
Oh! Yes!  
This tiny seed... wiII grow into a little apple tree, like this.  
Oooh.  
And that Iittle apple tree will growinto a big appIe tree like  
this.  
Ouch! Mmmm !  
And inside this apple are more seeds.  
To make more apple trees! ExactIy!  
Grandpa! Grandpa!  
I lant to plant a seed!  
Would you like to plant  
a stralberry seed?  
Yes, please!  
This seed will grow into a lovely strawberry plant.  
First, make a Iittle hole. Then I put the seed in  
and cover it with earth.  
Shall I water it for you?  
No! No! I want to water it.  
Good! Now we wait for it to grow.  
Peppa and George are waiting for the seed to grow.  
It's not doing anything!  
You wiII have to be patient, Peppa.  
It Will take a long time to grow.  
Peppa! George!  
It's time to go home.  
But we're waiting for my strawberry plant to grow!  
I wanted strawberries for teas.  
Don't worry, Peppa. Next time you come,  
the seed wiII have grown into a plant.  
And We wiII have strawberries!  
Yes.  
Come on, Peppa.  
Bye bye, Grandpa.  
Bye bye, strawberry.  
Grandpa Pig looks after Peppa's strawberry plant.  
After many days, Grandpa Pig finds a tiny plant growWing.  
Day by day, the plant grows bigger and bigger.  
Then one day, Grandpa Pig finds something very special.  
Strawberries!  
Grandpa! We're back!  
Peppa and George have come to play again.  
Grandpa! Grandpa!  
Did my plant grow?  
Yes! Look!  
Oooo! Strawberries!  
Thank you, Grandpa!  
Grandpa, can We plant something eIse?  
Yes! Now, it's George's turn to choose.  
Yes! You choose, George.  
Choose... a carrot!  
Grandpa, I think George wants to grow a carrot.  
George, WouId you like to grow a carrot?  
No!  
What Would you Iike to grow?  
George has thought of something he wants to grow.  
Dine-Saw!  
George Wants to grow a dinosaur tree!  
SiIIy George!  
Dinosaurs don't grow on trees.  
Dine-saW. Grrrrr....  
I'm Peppa Pig.  
This is my Iittle brother, George.  