---
ifupdate: false
layout: post
title: Camping
subtitle: 第1季
date: 2024-01-13
author: wenbsu
header-style: text
catalog: true
tags:
- PeppaPig
---

Peppa and her famiIy are going camping.  
I Iove camping.  
We're here.  
Hurray!  
Peppa, George, this is the tent I had When I Was a IittLe  
boy!  
Daddy? HoW are you going to make that into a tent?  
Don't Worry, Peppa!  
I'm an expert at camping!  
Mummy Pig, put the tent on the poles, please.  
That's it!  
Easy as pie!  
Oh!  
Do these pegs do anything?  
Of course!  
I forgot about the pegs!  
The pegs hold the tent up.  
There!  
The tent is a bit Iittle.  
It was big enough for me  
When I was a boy.  
But it does look a bit small now..  
That's because you've grown a bit since you were a boy,  
Daddy Pig!  
And your tummy has grown the most of all!  
TaIking of tummies,  
We shouId cook supper!  
Yes! Yes!  
First, We have to collect sticks to make a fire.  
Yipee!  
Peppa and George are helping Daddy Pig collect sticks for  
the campfire.  
George, I'll pick up the sticks and you can carry them.  
Collecting sticks is fun!  
Good. That's enough sticks.  
That's a splendid campfire!  
Now I'll Iight it.  
Here are the matches.  
We don't need matches!  
Daddy, how can you Iight it without matches?  
I'm going to make fire the old way, by simply rubbing these  
two sticks together!  
Daddy Pig is rubbing the two sticks together to light the  
campfire.  
Where is the fire, Daddy?  
NearIy there...  
Hurray!  
Easy as pie!  
Now we can heat up the tomato soup.  
Ahhh! Listen to the sounds of nature  
What is that sound?  
That is the sound of crickets chirping.  
What is that?  
That's an owl.  
Look! There it is!  
WoW...  
And What's that noise?  
Oh, I'm not sure.  
It's Daddy's tummy!  
My tummy rumbling is one of the best sounds of nature!  
It means it's time to eat!  
I Iove tomato soup!  
So do I!  
There's another one of Daddy Pig's sounds of nature!  
Eh? What?  
Come on, children, into the tent, it's bedtime.  
We won't allfit in!  
The tent is too Iittle!  
It will be fine!  
In you go!  
Move further in, Mummy Pig!  
Daddy, you're too big for the tent!  
Never mind, I'd rather sleep outside anyway.  
Goodnight, Daddy Pig!  
Goodnight, Daddy!  
Night! Night!  
Goodnight, everyone!  
Mummy Pig, Peppa and George are sleeping in the tent.  
Daddy Pig is sleeping outside, under the stars.  
Ahh! I Iove camping!  
SIeeping in the open air with the stars above me!  
Maybe this Wasn't such a good idea after all...brrrrrr  
It is morning.  
Daddy! It was lovely and cozy in the tent!  
Oh... Where's Daddy?  
Daddy Pig has gone!  
Poor Daddy Pig. He must have been cold and wet.  
And now where is he?  
What's that sound?  
It sounds like snoring!  
Daddy Pig!  
What?  
Daddy, you're safe!  
Of course I'm safe!  
I'm an expert at camping!  
I slept in the car.  
Silly Daddy!  
I Iove camping!  
