---
ifupdate: false
layout: post
title: 新概念Ⅱ第11-15课文及短语
subtitle: 新概念Ⅱ
date: 2024-03-07
author: wenbsu
header-style: text
catalog: true
tags:
- 新概念Ⅱ
---


## Lesson11 One good turn deserves another
**Who paid for Tony's dinner?**

I was having dinner at a restaurant when Tony Steele came in.   
Tony worked in a lawyer's office years ago, but he is now working at a bank.   
He gets a good salary, but he always borrows money from his friends and never pays it back.   
Tony saw me and came and sat at the same table.  
He has never borrowed money from me.  
While he was eating, I asked him to lend me twenty pounds.   
To my surprise, he gave me the money immediately.   
'I have never borrowed any money from you,’ Tony said, 'so now you can pay for my dinner!  

**New words and expressions 生词和短语**  

1. turn  /tɜːn/ n.行为,举止
2. deserve /dɪˈzɜːv/ v.应得到,值得
3. lawyer  /ˈlɔɪə(r)/ n.律师
4. bank /bæŋk/ n.银行
5. salary /ˈsæləri/ n.工资
6. immediately /ɪˈmiːdiətli/ adv.立刻

**Notes on the text 课文注释**

1. One good turn deserves another 这是句谚语,意思是对于别人的善意或帮助应作出相应的回报
2. gets a good salary 有一份很高的薪水
3. never pays it back 从不归还


## Lesson12 Goodbye and good luck
**Where is Captain Alison going and how?**

Our neighbour, Captain Charles Alison, will sail from Portsmouth tomorrow,   
We'll meet him at the harbour early in the morning.   
He will be in his small boat, Topsail.   
Topsail is a famous little boat.   
It has sailed across the Atlantic many times.   
Captain Alison will set out at eight o'clock,   
so we'll have plenty of time.   
We'll see his boat and then we'll say goodbye to him.   
He will be away for two months.  
We are very proud of him.   
He will take part in an important race across the Atlantic.  

**New words and expressions 生词和短语**  

1. luck /lʌk/ n.运气,幸运
2. captain /ˈkæptɪn/ n.船长
3. sail /seɪl/ v.航行
4. harbour  /ˈhɑːbə(r)/ n.港口
5. proud  /praʊd/ adj.自豪
6. important /ɪmˈpɔːt(ə)nt/ adj.重要的

**Notes on the text 课文注释**

1. Captain Charles Alison 查尔斯·艾利森船长.
2. the Atlantic /ətˈlæntɪk/ 大西洋，全称为"the Atlantic Ocean".


## Lesson13 The Greenwood Boys
**Why will the police have a difficult time?**

The Greenwood Boys are a group of pop singers.   
At present, they are visiting all parts of the country.   
They will be arriving here tomorrow.   
They will be coming by train and most of.  
the young people in the town will be meeting them at the station.   
Tomorrow evening they will be singing at the Workers’ Club.   
The Greenwood Boys will be staying for five days.   
During this time, they will give five performances.   
As usual, the police will have a difficult time.  
They will be trying to keep order.   
It is always the same on these occasions.  

**New words and expressions 生词和短语**  

1. group /ɡruːp/ n.小组,团体
2. pop singer  /pɒp-ˈsɪŋə(r)/ 流行歌手
3. club /klʌb/ n.俱乐部
4. performance /pəˈfɔːməns/ n.演出
5. occasion /əˈkeɪʒ(ə)n/ n.场合

**Notes on the text 课文注释**

1. all parts of the country 全国各地.
2. will be arriving 将要到达. 这句话中的时念被称作将来进行时,用来表示最近的将来正在进行的动作或说话人设想已经安排好的事情
3. by train 乘火车(来),以此类推,我们可以说 by air,by sea,by bus等.
4. as usual 和往常一样. 
5. keep order 维持秩序.


## Lesson14 Do you speak English
**Did the young man speak English?**

I had an amusing experience last year.   
After I had left a small village in the south of France.  
I drove on to the next town.   
On the way, a young man waved to me.   
I stopped and he asked me for a lift.  
As soon as he had got into the car,   
I said good morning to him in French and he replied in the same language,   
Apart from a few words, I do not know any French at all.   
Neither of us spoke during the journey.   
I had nearly reached the town,   
when the young man suddenly said, very slowly, 'Do you speak English?'  
As I soon learnt, he was English himself!  

**New words and expressions 生词和短语**  

1. amusing /əˈmjuːzɪŋ/ adj.好笑的，有趣的
2. experience /ɪkˈspɪəriəns/ n.经历
3. wave /weɪv/ v.招手
4. lift /lɪft/ n.搭便车
5. reply /rɪˈplaɪ/ v,回答
6. language /ˈlæŋɡwɪdʒ/ n.语言
7. journey /ˈdʒɜːni/ n.旅行

**Notes on the text 课文注释**

1. I drove on to the next town 我继续驶往下一个城镇句中的副词on有"继续地","不停顿地"的意思.
2. on the way 在途中.
3. ask for lift 要求搭车.
4. apart from 除了...以外.
5. As I soon learnt, he was English himself! 我很快就知道,他自己就是个英国人.


## Lesson15 Good news
**What was the good news?**

The secretary told me that Mr.Harmsworth would see me.   
I felt very nervous when I went into his office.   
He did not look up from his desk when I entered.   
After I had sat down, he said that business was very bad.   
He told me that the firm could not afford to pay such large salaries.   
Twenty people had already left, I knew that my turn had come.  
"Mr.Harmsworth," I said in a weak voice.  
"Don't interrupt," he said.  
Then he smiled and told me I would receive an extra thousand pounds a year!  

**New words and expressions 生词和短语**  

1. secretary /ˈsekrət(ə)ri/ n.秘书
2. nervous /ˈnɜːvəs/ adj.精神紧张的
3. afford /əˈfɔːd/ v.负担得起
4. weak /wi:k/ adj.弱的
5. interrupt /ˌɪntəˈrʌpt/ v.插话,打断

**Notes on the text 课文注释**

1. look up 抬头看.
2. could not afford to... 不可能支付,afford 为"有能力做...",常和 can,could 连用.
3. I knew that my turn had come 我知道这次该轮到我了, my turn 指上文中有人被公司解雇这件事.